hey what's going on switches is Jimmy
severe and I'm back again in the nether
with Lachlan and mr. 360 games I'm here
sup guys so uh where do we do today is
we basically kind of wanted to talk to
you guys and show you just the new
terrain within the nether we obviously
our portal will spawn in here we came in
here and I don't like them you you were
saying just min ago you think that it
looks a lot better right yeah it's so
much traversable like you don't like you
can at least there's like before you'd
spawn in and I'd be like in the middle
of nowhere under any big lava lake and
you're like okay well I didn't even
bring enough cobblestone to build a
bridge across so this is yeah awesome
this is cool this is really cool yeah so
like you can uh you can yeah you like
you said you can travel like the
landscape if you call it land I don't
know really but yeah like it's a lot
more like that's just the way it's laid
out I think looks a lot better and
actually then the big thing that we want
to show you guys to over here if you
guys from down here follow me there are
now new nether ruins these are pretty
intense looking well yeah these are the
producers and they're made out of new
blocks as well not sure if they're
minable if you're not right now what is
that an exchange sure whoa what are
those yeah we'll get to those in a
minute but yes this is the new of these
of the doom nether ruins those of you
guys what are you and these are these
are random oops order row yeah yeah
those are the blaze they're called blaze
yeah oh wow but yeah so anyways like
that's basically it like these these
ruins can I think be underground they
can be above ground this one we found
here is above ground it seems I guess
we're gonna be a little bit of a
chunkier lag here but uh yeah it's
pretty much anything I knows wait
there's one check with mine it um which
are the blocks that's made of this yes
you can mine it I'm cool you can mind
the nether breaking off so you can also
make stairs are that we were doing that
before so yeah we'll show you guys that
very soon yeah okay so are you guys well
I'm burning some birdies watching
burning
here for his boy
you